Improvements to doc on control plane installation (#1510)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/production/deployment/multi-zone.md

### Zone control plane offline

> - New data plane proxies won't be able to join the mesh. This includes new instances (Pod/VM) that are newly created by automatic deployment mechanisms (for example, a rolling update process), meaning a control plane connection failure could block updates of applications and events that involves new instances to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New data plane proxies won't be able to join the mesh. This includes new instances (Pod/VM) that are newly created by automatic deployment mechanisms (for example, a rolling update process), meaning a control plane connection failure could block updates of applications and events that create new instances.
```

> - New data plane proxies won't be able to join the mesh. This includes new instances (Pod/VM) that are newly created by automatic deployment mechanisms (e.g. a rolling update process), this means a control plane connection failure could block "update by replacement processes" of applications and events that involves new instances to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New data plane proxies won't be able to join the mesh. This includes new instances (Pod/VM) that are newly created by automatic deployment mechanisms (e.g. a rolling update process), this means a control plane connection failure could block "rolling updates" of applications and events that involves new instances to be created.
```

> - On mTLS enabled meshes, a data plane proxy may fail to refresh its client certificate prior to expiry (defaults to 24h, could be configured at mesh level), thus traffic from/to this data planes will be blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On mTLS enabled meshes, a data plane proxy may fail to refresh its client certificate prior to expiry (defaults to 24 hours), thus causing traffic from/to this data planes to fail.
```

Author: Thanks, I will also fix other files in a new commit.
